Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to continue from where we stopped.
Okay?
Now, after this size box, we can then have a column.
A column widget.
Okay.
And as you know, a column can take multiple widgets which are going to be displayed vertically.
So it asks this to drain as is property.
Okay.
And the first side is going to be a test widget and it's going to be E then.
Her name as a dream come true.
Newcomer And it's come true and safe.
And go check this out.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And now we can have another test with jets.
This is going to be.
And.
Price.
I think we called it price and not product price.
We can just check this.
Go to the upload products.
And we call this prize.
And and also we have to convert this to a string.
Dot.
Sorry.
Okay.
Sorry, I think.
This that the string maybe to string as fast.
And we need to zero.
Added Newcomer.
And youth culture and as a safe.
And she said, over there.
Okay, so it's good.
And we can then say cross assess alignment, cross assess.
Alignment.
Don't start.
You already know what that's going to do.
And now we can start this.
And test.
Sigh.
We can change the colour.
See colours sign.
Okay.
This country needs to save.
And what we can also do, we can say man as a lament man.
Axis alignment.
Assess alignment.
Men is going to wait till the space is really in order to make this to test widgets have a core space
vertically.
Okay.
Go check this out now.
Sounds good.
Okay.
And what we can also do is instead of wrapping this with a container and having the color or maybe some
border suites, we can just wrap this with a card widget or a widget known as card.
Hopefully I've shown you this before, but if you have not seen this before, you're going to see this
now.
A light and use control dots wrap with widgets.
We are going to wrap this with a card widget or a widget known as card.
Contrariness to save.
And go check this out.
Okay.
Sims could and we can within the card it has the property known as elevation.
We can set this to be five, so make it more obvious.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
And what we can also do is instead of having this, we can get rid of this test.
And first we are going to return in material and that's to have that white background.
And we can then have a child.
The child is going to be a center in order to center the secular, secular child.
You know, that's his center.
So.
Now that's a sense that the secular.
Secular.
Progress.
Indicator.
And you can give this colors, colors the sign.
Sign the spell to this way.
Okay.
And I think we need this.
Why?
Okay.
And if there is error, we can just wrap this the sensor to display that error.
We can as well.
How the train out by.
Okay.
Go check this out.
You can see, I'm just going to hard to start this again.
Okay.
We can't search for just foreign.
And just fun is going to be displayed.
I think for now you can see currently we are having this issue and the issue is if we type in maybe
a carpenter later, okay, you can see it as a capital letter.
But whatever is more later and the reason we are saying this is because we have this more later.
PE Right.
So what we also have to do is if we have a product name which was uploaded using a capital letter,
you can see this product name, the P is in capital letter.
And if the user is searching based on small data, it would be difficult for that product to be displayed
because it won't be compatible.
So what we can do is over here, we can also convert this to a lowercase.
This country needs to save.
And go check this out.
I think we are going to have an era.
Yes.
We are going to have an error.
Okay.
Not there.
You get it?
Sorry.
Satellites and.
Okay.
Got it from here and test it over.
And also, we also do have to convert it to a lowercase.
So.
Okay.
Use control and save now.
And Azimi.
The product was uploaded in a capital form and the user is searching for the small litter.
We are just converting both to a lowercase.
Right.
Okay.
Else it won't be compatible.
You can see we have this big lit up placemat and if you type in as of before or as of then, if you
type in the simulator, you are not going to see this big letter.
P Right, because it is not compatible, but currently we have converted it to a lowercase so you can
basically see it, right?
So it's going to see that it's going to see both as lowercase.
You can see currently you can see this, but as of before, you can only see this product.
And the reason for this is because we have this big letter.
P and also you can see we also have this small letter P so it's it's will always search for the product
based by the product's name.
Okay.
So now we can search for women.
We can see women products are going to be displayed and it's working perfectly where we can also search
for maybe shoes.
I don't think we have any products.
Shoes.
Okay.
I don't think we don't.
I think we have shot.
You can see.
So all the names that are the product name we shot are being displayed.
And Cisco, you can just get rid of this television if you don't like that.
And also, we can wrap this with the padding.
Pardon?
Maybe ten should be okay.
For all sides.
Yes.
And use control necessary now and we'll check this out.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
I think this elevation looks very weird.
We can just get rid of that.
Okay.
And.
Wait for this.
Okay.
I think this is a bit cool.
Okay, guys, say it in this lecture.